support aws ebs snapshot based backup and restore (#2065)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-overview.md

If you use TiDB Operator v1.1.2 or an earlier version, or if you use TiDB Operator v1.1.3 or a later version and set the value of `spec.cleanPolicy` to `Delete`, TiDB Operator cleans the backup data when it deletes the CR.

> If you back up cluster data using AWS EBS volume snapshots and set the value of `spec.cleanPolicy` to `Delete`, TiDB Operator deletes the CR, cleans up the backup meta file, and the volume snapshots on AWS.

Author: ```suggestion
If you back up cluster data using AWS EBS volume snapshots and set the value of `spec.cleanPolicy` to `Delete`, TiDB Operator deletes the CR, and cleans up the backup files and the volume snapshots on AWS.
```
